[Music]
hey how's it going Dave QD here and this
is a very comprehensive comparison of
ultrabooks and like last year's video in
order for a device to be included into
this video it had to be three pounds or
less and it also has to have a real
keyboard like an actual fold-out
dedicated keyboard no attachment covers
or any kind of like gimmicky stuff has
to be a keyboard that's built in because
a lot of people that purchase altar
books need to be able to use it on their
lap or just in areas that don't have
tables so three pounds or less dedicated
keyboard okay so no particular order we
have the Dell XPS 13 the 9360 I think
this is one of the best-selling ultra
books on the market right now this is
their second generation of this device
we also have the LG Graham this is one
of the lightest 13-inch ultra books
available the whole LG Graham lineup was
nicely updated for 2017 with bigger
batteries better components and just
better build quality all around we have
the Lenovo carbon x1 this is one of the
best-built devices that Lenovo makes it
has that classic Lenovo keyboard that
everyone loves and that nipple thing
that some people love we have the HP
Spectre x-360 this is the only tuned one
device on this list I think it's the
best tuned one flip device on the market
it's an amazing laptop and for people
that want to use it as a tablet as well
you can do that we also have the razor
board itself so this was the device that
surprised everyone last year with the
individually lip keys great performance
external GPU support and strangely good
value the KB Lake update just made it
even better we also have a Samsung
notebook 9 so this is a device that
isn't super popular in North America but
it's incredibly lightweight it does this
by packing a smaller battery but the
overall hardware is good this one is the
Asus Zenbook 3 this is a more premium
device it's one of the more expensive
laptops on this comparison but it
delivers solid performance in an
extremely compact package and then we
have another issues the UX 330 this is
the cheapest of the devices here so ACS
makes a ton of Ultrabook options this
one just has really good specs for the
money ok we have the 12 inch macbook it
has the weakest processor here and it
has that single port that so many people
love to hate
you're obviously paying a huge premium
to have something this thin and light
from Apple but it is good hardware and
it's still a good fit for
users lastly we have the 13-inch MacBook
Pro it's nice but again it's expensive
the base model is quite a bit more than
most devices here but despite that heavy
Apple premium the hardware's nice now
there are some devices that didn't make
the cut and here's why this is the
13-inch MacBook Air it's not that it's a
bad device it's under three pounds and
it's got a dedicated keyboard but at
this point in time it's just getting
super old the CPU in here several
generations old it's not as efficient
and I just think there are better ways
to spend your money if you're looking
for a thin and light Ultrabook secondly
the surface pro 4 great device but like
I mentioned to make this video you need
to have a built-in keyboard and there's
also no surface book because it's just
too heavy a really cool device but I
just wouldn't consider it an ultrabook I
also didn't include the XPS 13 2 + 1 so
this is also a pretty good device but if
you like the regular XPS 13 just does
everything this does but better for the
same price except for the flip I mean if
you're really into that flip thing I
would consider a different device
instead of this okay let's talk about
build with ultrabooks weight can be a
very important factor when choosing one
and I think a lot of people just choose
these things for portability but build
quality and device weight tend to be
like conflicting things the better you
build it the heavier it often is and
just vice versa so it's kind of hard to
find the balance between the two
especially when you're trying to find
something that's as light as possible
amongst these I'd say that the MacBooks
are built the best they look I'm beating
a dead horse but they're just really
well built for the Windows laptops the
XPS 13 is probably the best built it's
still an ultralight device but it's not
the lightest of the bunch the lenovo x1
and the razor blade stealth are also
really well built and so is the HP
Spectre the lightest with really good
build quality is the Zen book 3 it does
have a 12 and a half inch screen though
but my favorite in terms just overall
build quality to weight ratio is
actually the LG gram this thing is super
lightweight but the chassis is
surprisingly strong for its size and
weight the screen has some flex but the
keyboard area is super solid in terms of
displays a lot of these have really nice
screens the two Mac books have great
screens but as usual they're expensive
in terms of the Windows machines my
favorite is the XPS 13 but it's close so
many of these panels just look awesome
the self has a quad HD screen but
see I feel like in this particular
category to display quality you can't go
wrong with them take any one of these
and you'll be happy with the screen a
few of them have the option to upgrade
to higher quality and higher resolution
displays it's just a little bit more
expensive if you're looking for a good
webcam so if you do like a lot of Skype
calls or videoconferencing the one other
razorblade stuff is pretty good
keyboards and trackpads are usually a
personal preference thing and my
personal favorite is the lenovo x1 i
think it's a keyboard that most people
will get used to quickly the XPS 13 and
HP are also nice to type on but none of
these are bad I think manufacturers
recognized the importance of having a
good keyboard on these ultrabooks except
for maybe the 12-inch MacBook I don't
love that one as for trackpad the
macbook force track pads are awesome the
XPS 13 the LG gram and Lenovo also has a
nice track size these ultra books have a
bunch of processors to choose from but
for regular use like watching videos
browsing the web or technical documents
these feel really similar to each other
I wouldn't worry too much about CPU
choice you can play some lighter games
on these ultra books with the HD 620
they're obviously not amazing for 3d
stuff but with the i7 frame rates can be
playable
now you're going to dive into all if we
look at drive speeds there's a spread
again and depending on what you do the
faster drives can make it feel a little
bit faster but even the slower SATA
drives will feel sufficiently fast for
most Ultrabook stuff but if you
frequently transfer large files or lots
of files or if you're a heavier photo
editor I would pick up a faster drive
for the most part they're all properly
cooled when it comes to regular use put
user chart for reference the new cabling
chips are very efficient and the fans
usually don't spin when you're doing
regular tasks or even watching videos
the most quiet is the fanless 12-inch
MacBook that thing is silent but aside
from that most of these are really quiet
if audio is important to you the two
MacBooks have phenomenal speakers I
still have no idea how to push in this
kind of volume and or clarity they're
just really solid speakers for Windows
devices the spectre x360 is probably my
pick the razor blade stealth is a
distant second and everything else is an
even more distant third running my
battery loop at 215 it's the Mac books
always have good battery life but in
terms of Windows machines the winner
here is actually the LG Graham the XPS
13 and a razor blade stealth are close
and they have similar battery sizes but
this thing just has better software
optimization with this battery something
because I'm consistently getting better
battery life with this in terms of i/o
there's a huge variation in port
selection among these devices some of
them are comically bad but the winner to
me is the Lenovo x1 for use reports two
of them being sent about three and as
always if it has a benefit three
connection you can connect it to an
external GPU for gaming the razor core
works nicely for the stealth and some
windows laptops but the Bison box three
will work for all Thunderbolt 3 equipped
laptops including MacBooks alright in
terms of pricing and value here's a list
of their current pricing the one that
sticks out is the asus ux305 up for that
kind of money runner up is the razor
blade stealth it's a bit more expensive
where you're getting better performance
both of these give fantastic value for
the money and the XPS also has some
cheaper configurations as well ok before
I wrap it up there's two wild card
laptops that I haven't talked about yet
first is something made by a company
called Xiaomi it's their Xiaomi air-12
it's a Chinese company and they be
we mimic national I should rephrase they
basically completely ripoff apples
MacBooks and to be completely honest
they're actually really good value for
the hardware the thing is they're very
difficult to purchase outside of Asia
and if you get one and when you get it
if anything goes wrong you're totally
screwed you can't get it repaired you
can have to send it back to China and I
mean that just sounds like a nightmare
for most people if anything goes wrong
so if you have big balls and you want
good value there's an option the second
wild card is the surface laptop now I
don't have my review unit yet but my
early impressions of it that despite
that relatively high price tag it is
possibly the best built Windows device
in this market segment and as really
good battery life so if you're looking
for something with a really premium
build take a look at that one now if I
had to choose a winner amongst these
laptops it would probably be the two Mac
books I'm kidding all the laptops on
those lists have strengths and
weaknesses but as of today there's still
no universally perfect Ultrabook you
don't have to pick one based on the
features that are most important to you
all of these are really good but my top
picks this year is a three-way tie if
you want something with good build
quality and a nice screen the XPS 13 is
still going strong if you want something
that looks a little better in my opinion
and you want a little better value the
razor blade stealth is the winner there
it looks extra awesome with some of the
new D brand skins but the new guy this
year with three-way tie in first place
is the LG gram this thing is a really
light device with great battery life
it's what a lot of people are looking
for in an ultrabook hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs of you liked
it subs you loved it see you guys next
time
you